=About

Assets compression (javascript and css) for rails applications. Instead of sending down a dozen javascript and css files full of formatting and comments, this gem makes it simple to merge and compress these assets down into one or more files, increasing speed and saving bandwidth.

When in development, it allows you to use your original versions and retain formatting and comments for readability and debugging.

This gem was inspired by AssetPackager from Scott Becker, but is a complete rewrite and much more powerful.


==Features

* Full rails 3 support
* Support for several compressors, easy to add your own
* Supporting url rewriting and handling of @imports in stylesheets
* Clean implementation with new codebase
* Fully spec'd and tested


==Install

Simply install it as any other gem:

  gem install assets_booster

Or when using bundler, add it got your Gemfile:

  gem assets_booster


==Quick Start

If you dont't have a configuration file yet, you can easily have one created using this command:

  rake assets_booster:setup

To compile the assets (normally done before deployment):

  rake assets_booster:compile

To get the packaged assets served simply replace your existing javascript_include_tag, stylesheet_link_tag in your views with:

  assets_booster_tag(:javascript, "base")
  assets_booster_tag(:stylesheet, "base", :media => "screen, projection")


==Contributing

If you'd like to contribute a feature or bugfix: Thanks! To make sure your
fix/feature has a high chance of being included, please read the following
guidelines:

1. Fork the project.
2. Make your feature addition or bug fix.
3. Add tests for it. This is important so we don’t break anything in a future version unintentionally.
4. Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history. (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
5. Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.


==Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 {Corin Langosch}[http://www.corinlangosch.com]. Released unter the MIT license.
